release manager role (#193)
Chia-Network/chia-network.github.io: collections/_job_descriptions/06-release-manager.md

---
order: 6
title: "Release Manager"
---

> Chia network is looking to hire a release manager, primarily focused on curation of the Git release process for all chia blockchain software releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chia Network is looking to hire a release manager, primarily focused on the curation of Git release processes for all Chia-Blockchain software releases.
```

> The ideal candidate for this role has experience leading software releases in a multi team, multi language environment. This candidate will also have expert experience using Git and an expert level understanding of Git processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ideal candidate for this role has experience leading software releases in a multi-team, multi-language environment. This candidate will also have significant experience using Git and an expert-level understanding of Git processes.
```

> Successful candidates will be able to articulate a vision for Git process management and may even have a preferred practice they have used successfully in previous roles. Including an ability to articulate what the benefits and flaws are in your preferred practice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Successful candidates will be able to articulate a vision for Git process management. Candidates may provide a preferred practice they have successfully used in previous roles, including an ability to elaborate on the benefits and flaws are in your preferred practice.
```

**Release Manager Responsibilities**

* Manage release approval process.
* Establish a strong understanding of each release and the code changes contained within.
* Ownership of scheduling and cadence of releases.
* Enforce Git process best practices.
* Ownership of release process.

**Release Manager Requirements**

> * Expert level knowledge of Git.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Expert-level of knowledge of Git.
```

* Experience releasing open source software projects.
* Experience gathering stakeholder consensus and running CAB style release meetings.

> * Solid engineering background with a base level understanding of software development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Solid engineering background with a base-level understanding of software development.
```

**Perks**

> Chia Network Inc. allows for flexible work hours and remote work for this position. Core hours should match United States working hours. We offer competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, and life insurance for you, your spouse/domestic partner and children.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chia Network Inc. allows for flexible work hours and remote work for this position. Core hours should match United States working hours. We offer competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, and life insurance for you, your spouse/domestic partner, and children.
```

**Application Process**

> Send your CV/resume along with your Keybase name (if available) to jobs@chia.net, please include the position title as your subject line 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send your CV/resume along with your Keybase name (if available) to jobs@chia.net, please include the position title as your subject line.
```
